docs: ttl more explain (#1347)
GreptimeTeam/docs: docs/reference/sql/create.md

- Doesn't return an error when the clause `IF NOT EXISTS` is presented.
- Otherwise, returns an error.

> The database can also carry options similar to the `CREATE TABLE` statement by using the `WITH` keyword. All options available in [Table Options](#table-options) can be utilized here as well(one exception is that database's TTL can't be `instant`). When creating a table, if the corresponding table options are not provided, the options configured at the database level will be applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The database can also carry options similar to the `CREATE TABLE` statement by using the `WITH` keyword. All options available in [Table Options](#table-options) can be utilized here as well (one exception is that database's TTL can't be `instant`). When creating a table, if the corresponding table options are not provided, the options configured at the database level will be applied.
```

) with(ttl='7d');
```

> The ttl value can be one of the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ttl` value can be one of the following:
```

- a duration like `1hour 12min 5s`, The duration object is a concatenation of time spans. Where each time span is an integer number and a suffix. Supported suffixes:
    - `nsec`, `ns` – nanoseconds
    - `usec`, `us` – microseconds
    - `msec`, `ms` – milliseconds
    - `seconds`, `second`, `sec`, `s`
    - `minutes`, `minute`, `min`, `m`
    - `hours`, `hour`, `hr`, `h`
    - `days`, `day`, `d`
    - `weeks`, `week`, `w`
    - `months`, `month`, `M` – defined as 30.44 days
    - `years`, `year`, `y` – defined as 365.25 days

> - `forever`, `NULL`, a duration which is zero(like `0s`) or a empty string `''`, which means the data will never be deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `forever`, `NULL`, a duration which is zero (like `0s`) or a empty string `''`, which means the data will never be deleted.
```

- `immediate`, which means the data will be deleted immediately when inserted, useful if you want to send input to a flow task without saving it.
  
If a table has its own TTL policy, it will take precedence over the database TTL policy.
Otherwise, the database TTL policy will be applied to the table. 

> So if table's ttl is set to `forever`, no matter what the database's ttl is, the data will never be deleted. But if you unset table ttl using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So if table's TTL is set to `forever`, no matter what the database's TTL is, the data will never be deleted. But if you unset table TTL using:
```

```sql
ALTER TABLE <table-name> UNSET 'ttl';
```

> Then the database's ttl will be applied to the table. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then the database's TTL will be applied to the table. 
```

> Note that the default ttl setting for table and database is unset, which also means the data will never be deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the default TTL setting for table and database is unset, which also means the data will never be deleted.
```

) with(ttl='7d');
```

The `ttl` value can be one of the following:

> - a duration like `1hour 12min 5s`, The duration object is a concatenation of time spans. Where each time span is an integer number and a suffix. Supported suffixes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A duration like `1hour 12min 5s`, The duration object is a concatenation of time spans. Where each time span is an integer number and a suffix. Supported suffixes:
```

    - `nsec`, `ns` – nanoseconds
    - `usec`, `us` – microseconds
    - `msec`, `ms` – milliseconds
    - `seconds`, `second`, `sec`, `s`
    - `minutes`, `minute`, `min`, `m`
    - `hours`, `hour`, `hr`, `h`
    - `days`, `day`, `d`
    - `weeks`, `week`, `w`
    - `months`, `month`, `M` – defined as 30.44 days
    - `years`, `year`, `y` – defined as 365.25 days

> - `forever`, `NULL`, a duration which is zero (like `0s`) or a empty string `''`, which means the data will never be deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `forever`, `NULL`, an empty string `''` and `0s`, means the data will never be deleted.
```

- `instant`, note that database's TTL can't be set to `instant`. `instant` means the data will be deleted instantly when inserted, useful if you want to send input to a flow task without saving it, see more details in [flow management documents](/user-guide/continuous-aggregation/manage-flow.md#manage-flows).

> - Unset, `ttl` can be unset by using `ALTER TABLE <table-name> UNSET 'ttl'`, which means the table will inherit the database's ttl policy(if any).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Unset, `ttl` can be unset by using `ALTER TABLE <table-name> UNSET 'ttl'`, which means the table will inherit the database's ttl policy (if any).
```
